So now we will start making portfolio pages, so how will the portfolio pages look, I showed
you one more time, but let's see one more time, so here, when we go here and see, then
portfolio pages will look like this, as you can see here, this page, this is our first
home page template, home page will look something like this, now we will see where we will use
the input we have taken, we will see this thing, so first of all, we will use the image, user
picture here, we will use the user's name here, we will use the role of the user here,
after this, here is our home page, so we will make a home page, the second thing we will
make will be our about page.
In the about page, we will use the profile picture again, we will use the name, what
will we use after the name, we will use about after the name, right, we will use the skill
here, we will use the experience, then the skill will be CA, right, the experience will
be CA, we will use this, right, after this, there will be a third page, it will be a contact
page, where we will show the contact information user key, which is email, we will show it
instead of contact, then we will have to make the header and footer, so we will make that
too.
Okay.
So, we have to make this thing, after this, now how will this work, how will we make
it, basically, now we are seeing that the URL of our website is of this type, now I will
give you an example, like GitHub, GitHub, and here we have written something like, for example,
Linux, we have done something like this, and when we go here, so now we will see here that
we go to github.com slash storeworlds, right, as soon as you go to github.com slash storeworlds,
then there is a user like this, there is a user named storeworld, and what you have to
do to go to the GitHub page of that user, you have to write the name of the user in the
URL of the website, for example, there may be a user by doing saga, whatever it means,
I am putting a random word, but such a user is existing, if you can see, okay, so this
is a user, so these users are existing, like one is here, night, and such users are
existing, basically, right, so what is happening here, that the github.com slash, whatever the
username is, we see the user's GitHub here, okay, we will apply this thing to our website
too, now the name of our website, the name of the website, for example, is this, slash,
you will write, name, any user's name, you will write, name of the user, you will write,
the name of the user, and we will enter, then here we will see the user, if this name
of the user exists, then it will be visible, otherwise, what will it be visible, 404, means
user not found, such a page will come, okay, so now how to define these routes, let's see
this properly once, so we will go back to our VS code, and here we have defined routes
in app.js, do you know, when we go to the slash, we will see the main page rendered,
we had made a form in the main page, right, then we put logic in it, that if any user
is not logged in, then it will go to the login page, right, if it has been logged in,
then it will be visible on the main page, and now all the logic that we had put, it is
visible here, now after this, now what will we do, now we will make two or three more
routes like this, right, so I keep replicating it from below, and after this, what is here,
here now we will put the third thing, which will be slash id, I will explain to you what
I want to do.
here we will put colon id slash about, then here is the font pack, then here one more
thing, star, here, now what I have done here, let's know this, apart from this, here we
will add something to about component, and here so we
have 2 about components here one, we have made we have w just content is that about.
we have made we have made bolt component, here went our out component, and this thing
is imported to them.
Okay, the export is complete.
Where did we make this?
We have make it in the components.
here about contact login ok so i am telling you that what i am doing here
here i am doing contact
contact
here what i did i will tell you
what happened here
we saw that when forward slash user used to come
so he used to see main page
he used to see login
now what is this slash id here
we said
after url anything will be written
after slash
leaving login
anything will be written
because login is already defined
anything will be written so it will be treated as an id
in this route
whatever is written after slash
leaving them
whatever will be written will be treated as an id
so tomorrow we can capture it as an id
means
there is a method called use params
we will be able to capture it by using it
what i am saying you will understand it well
before that i will
here for now
by saying not found
i will create a page
ok
and here in component another page will be created
by saying not found
not found
dot
and you can here
how cool
you can see
that
Box
Contact is not found. So now we will write 404.
And one minute. Ok.
These are some of our components. Now we call them.
After login, as soon as it goes to slash id,
this will basically be the end page. So we will have to make a component
named home.
I will tell you all this in a few minutes.
Ok.
Now let's see. First let's import them quickly.
Let's import the component.
Press control space and enter.
Ok.
What I did here, you will see. In our website,
as soon as someone writes something after slash id,
which is not in routes, he will treat it as an id
and it will go to the home page.
In route, if slash id or any name
or anything is seen and after that slash about is written
then it will go to the about page.
In id, by doing any id, if you put contact then it will go to
slash contact. Otherwise, if from these
if the user will try to write anything other than this
then it will go to the not found page.
Now I will explain it well. So here I go
and here in my url
slash any id
if I will write anything here then it will be treated as an id.
I can give it a number, name, anything.
So this will be treated as an id.
As soon as I press enter, I will come to the home page.
Ok. As soon as I press enter, I have come to the home page.
And let me see once what I have written on the home page.
Which is
Here I hit enter and go to the home page once.
And here I write home.
Ok. So I wrote any random id and hit enter
so I came to the home page.
Now after this id, I write slash about home page.
So I will come to the about page.
I write it as slash contact.
So I will come to the contact page.
Here basically this thing is this id which if you have not written
and if you have tried to write something else other than that
then which page will you come to?
You have come to the home page for example.
Because you had put a slash.
Apart from this, one more thing to check.
Which is here slash start.
Ok. I think here is some big key.
About has been done. Contact has been done.
Ok.
Ok. Not found is also fine here. Everything is fine.
So here is something like this for now.
Now after this
I go to the browser.
And here I write something like this.
I write something like this which does not actually exist.
Like this. This is a path which does not exist.
Means actually this will be treated as an id.
After this if you will write anything here which does not exist.
If you will type enter then it will take you to 404 page.
Because nothing like this does not exist.
Isn't it?
So what happened here?
What happened here is that when you wrote slash
then it will take you to the main page i.e. the form page.
If you will write login then it will go to the login page.
But as soon as you will write some parameter after that
then it will treat this id and will take you to the home page.
And after that if you will write about
then it will take you to the about page and will take you to the contact page.
But apart from about and contact
if you have written something like this by doing slash
then also it will take you to the not found page.
It will take you to the not found page.
Here we will do one more thing.
Here if we will write slash
if we will write normal
then we will go to the form page.
If we will write login then we will come to the login page.
Isn't it?
Now we will write slash any id.
if we write techy.conversion
then we will come to the home page.
We will write slash
if we will write home
what will we get then?
We will get the error.
We will write slash contact
then we will come to the contact page.
About is in about page
And if we will try to write something else
what will we get then?
Error.
Alright
If we will write contact then we will come to the contact page
We did this.
And basically here we have
This id works here that you can capture this thing in any page in the name of id
And then tomorrow you can compare this with our gmail id given in sanity
By which we will know whether this user name exists or not
Now what we do is that we go back
And one more thing to pay attention to is that if we go to the slash
So here we are logged in, that's why we see this page
If we log out then we try to go to the slash
Then we will not see this page, we will come to the login
But if we go to the slash id, then we will see this page
And we want this, if we want we can make it secure too
But why didn't we make it because it is a portfolio page
Whether you log in or not in github
If you go to anyone's profile then you will see
Because we want the user to see the portfolio
We log in
We want the user to log in when he makes an account
Now he is not making an account, he just came to see someone else's portfolio
So he can see
Right
These things
So now again we log in
Okay
Now after this
Now we go back
Now here we have done these things
Now I will show you what the actual work of id is
What is the actual work of id
We went to the home page
In home.jsx
Do one thing here
Write
const
Bracket id
Equals to use params
Write this thing and enter
Use params will be imported from react.com
And now you
Lock the console.
Id
What we did here
A method named use params
A function is in react
What it does
That whatever the parameter named id will get in the url
It will fetch
Now here we have made the parameter named id
Here is the id
So in the url
After forward slash
Whatever will happen
Leaving the login
That thing will treat you as an id
And that thing
That thing you will get by printing here
Okay
You can give some other names instead of id here
For example, you give here
Name
If you give it slash name
Here
Slash name
By doing slash name
And then you here
Instead of id
By doing slash name
If you say
So you get that parameter
Which parameter you have given the name of slash name
Okay
So for now we leave it as id
Right
Leave it as id for now
And here
We left the id
Now after this we will reload it
And we will go back
And here we
Here we
Forward slash
Now
Let's call our console
And here
I write forward slash
Anything
Forward slash
Write
Std
Colon
Out
And enter
So see this
Std out
Printed in the console
After this
If I slash
Write anything
And write
Or I write about
So
You will not get anything here
Because here
We have come to the about page
And we
Where did the id grab
In the home page
But if you go to the home page
Then you will see the id
It will be printed
I mean you understand
It will print the id parameter
That is
This parameter
For this
It has become an id
So you can use it anywhere
Now
Where will you use it
You will find out later
Okay
After this
We will go to the office
So here
We have come
In the code of our home page
And here
What we will do
That is
We will verify
The url key id
In the url
Basically
The id
We will compare it
First of all
In our sanity
The profile document
Inside it
With the email id
That is
Our url key id
If any
Profile document
Matches
Any
For example
Profile document
And its email id
Matches
Our
url key id
This means
The data of the user
Exists
And if the data of the user
Then we
Can show it
In the url
But if that id
Does not match
With any profile document
Of sanity
This means
That the user
Does not exist
That
Useless
Id
Has been entered
In the url
So we will redirect it
In 404
How to do this
For this
What we will do
First of all
We will remove it
By doing
Console.log
And here
We will put
A use effect
Use effect
And it is
Imported
Now we will
Use it
And in this
We will create
A first
Asynchronous function
Which we will name
FetchData
And this
Will be
An asynchronous
Function
And after
This
Here
We will
Put a
Try block
And a
Catch
Try catch
Ok
Now
The first
Thing that
Will go
In this
Our
Query
Our Query
Will go
For whose
Sanity
So Query
Will be
Something like this
Here is
That Query
What does
Query say
Let's see
So
Query says
That
The
Res
Name
Variable
Put that result
In it
Fetch
Put that result
And keep
Where
The type
Of the
Profile
Id
Of the
Is
Which
In
The
U
R
L
Which
Is
Variable
In
The
URL
After
Slash
That
Is
Our
Id
If
That
Id
Is
U
we have added at the rate gmail.com
what will it do?
at the rate gmail.com
it will convert it into an email id
that id was half
because we kept it half intentionally
because it looks good
but here we have appended at the rate gmail.com
now we have just compared it with the user email in the profile
if there is any user email in the profile
which is equal to id
then fetch its data to us
so what will we do?
we will add a condition after that
that if res
res means response
if there is a response
and the response length is greater than 0
there is no empty response
and there is a response
and there is no empty response
then what will we do?
we will make a state at the top
we will name the state
user data
and
here we will enter a set user data
and this user data
is of which type?
will be an array
use state
and here we will enter it in the form of an array
okay
now whatever this data is
we have to set it in this
if the response is an object
then
what will we do?
set user data
and we will enter the response in this
okay
As soon as this happens, we will make another block in the else block.
If the response is not there, then what to do?
If the response is not there, it means that he did not get any data of that email.
If anyone is putting anything in the URL, instead of ID, anything, A, B, C, D, X, Y, anything.
And the ID in that type of URL, that type of email did not exist in Sanity.
What does this mean?
User does not exist.
And if the user does not exist, then what do we have to do?
We have to redirect the user.
We do not have any portfolio of that name.
So we will navigate the user.
Where will we navigate?
We will navigate the user to any page that shows 404.
And when did we see 404?
Whenever we used to go to such a place,
we used to go to such a path that did not exist.
It used to give 404 on its own.
I will show you one thing.
Whenever we used to try to go somewhere else other than these, it used to give 404.
So we will do the same thing.
Before that, we will have to set up this navigate.
So we will set up the navigate.
How will we do that?
Come here.
const navigate is equal to use navigate.
And here the import is done on its own.
And we have set up.
After this, here we will use navigate.
Navigate.
And where will we navigate it?
no slash user found.
We have written this URL on its own.
This URL does not exist.
Now when this URL does not exist,
it will redirect it to 404 on its own.
It will show 404 component.
Okay.
Now here one more thing.
If we get any error,
if we get any error in the catch error,
then what will happen?
Then what will happen?
Still, this user will put it in not found.
If there is any error, where will we go?
In no user found.
Now let's check it once.
And if it works,
then it means we are good to go.
Apart from this,
the function of fetch data,
we have not called it.
It is necessary to call it.
So let's call it just below.
Here,
let's call it just after it is made.
And now what do we do?
Let's go to our web page.
And when you go to the web page,
then you go to the site.
As soon as we go to the site,
we,
you,
here,
what we have done is,
we have implemented it only on the home page.
So that thing will only work on the home page.
So if we go here,
any such thing,
like techy recon.
I go to techy recon and enter.
So here it says,
no user found.
Why did this happen?
Let's see it once.
techy slash recon.
And as soon as we go to this,
we navigate.
Why?
Let's see it once.
So we go to the profile
and here the user named techy recon is closed.
Already in the profile.
But why is it not happening here?
Let's see it once.
Okay.
Slash,
if I try to go here,
try to go,
hello world,
if I go somewhere else like this,
then I will go.
So here,
no user found is redirecting.
But if I go to techy recon,
which is an existing user,
forward slash,
enter,
then no user found is still coming.
We have to see what is the problem with this.
Let's check it quickly.
So the problem is that
our client file is basically,
we have not imported it.
We have used the client,
client dot fetch,
but we forgot to import it.
So we have to remember this.
So we press control and space
and import it.
So I think
this import will be done.
Why is this not being imported?
I have to see it.
Write client directly here.
If you write your client directly,
then it will be imported.
But here,
one minute,
I will have to select JSX first from here.
So how did I select this?
Right below,
what I show you,
the screen,
by doing something,
you will see here,
this,
which you will see at the very bottom,
JSX is written in the bottom right corner.
You will click on it.
And when,
if something else was written there instead of JSX,
then you will select it by doing JSX.
Okay?
Okay.
Now here,
what we do is,
the client,
we will write the client,
if we press enter,
then the client will be imported.
And after this,
now let's go and check our webpage.
Now we have come to our webpage.
And here,
once I write techy recon,
techy recon.
So you will see,
now we have come to the home page.
Here,
you understood,
when we wrote an ID here,
which is valid,
basically,
by doing techy recon,
the email we have,
it exists.
Now here,
we have not shown the entire email.
Once you keep in mind,
we have only written techy recon.
But what is going on in the background,
we are reading it as an email.
I will show you.
We see in the background here.
We have here,
what was the ID,
techy recon.
But who are we matching with?
techy recon plus at the rate gmail dot com.
So it is matching with one user email,
which exists in the profile.
Okay.
So because of this,
we are showing the home page there.
But,
but,
if we write something here instead of techy recon,
which does not exist,
then,
right?
So if we write here,
abcd,
which,
abcd at the rate gmail dot com,
no user name exists.
If we type enter,
then we will come here in no user font.
See,
it has been redirected.
It has been redirected.
Now,
if we had written something else,
for example,
xyz,
then also,
we would not be coming here.
But yes,
in techy recon,
we are able to do that thing.
We are able to do that thing for techy recon.
Now,
when we go to techy recon,
then we will not get any error.
But,
apart from this,
if we had done abcd,
if we had written abcd slash about,
then we would have been able to go to about page.
Because,
we have not put any check in about page.
Like,
we have put a check in home page.
We have to put the same type of check in about page also.
Right?
And,
similarly,
we have to put in contact also.
So,
for now,
we will do that thing also.
So,
we come back.
And,
our user data here,
we had set that in our state.
The state of user data which we have made.
Here,
we have set the user data.
And,
the response which we had received,
basically,
that is our main data.
And,
we have set the same response.
Now,
we are also printing that response.
So,
let's see how the response is written.
Now,
we will go to techy recon.
I will open this.
And,
see this.
Here,
the array has come.
As soon as you go to the array,
see this.
In the zeroth file,
you have got all the details.
Have you written techy recon?
And,
here,
all the details have come.
Of the user.
Where,
right?
Hi there,
first name,
last name,
profile picture,
all the details,
associated with this email,
all have come to us.
Now,
we can use them,
to show,
to showcase on our page.
Because,
now,
we have got everything.
So,
let's go.
And,
let's start making the design of the main page.
Okay.
So,
what will we do here?
First of all,
I will remove this.
And,
after this,
the first thing we will do is,
we will make,
header and,
footer.
Okay.
So,
we will go to components.
Okay.
What did I press?
So,
we will go to our,
main source.
And,
we will go to components.
we will make a new component.
We will name it,
header dot,
jsx.
Okay.
And,
after this,
we will write,
r,
a,
f,
c,
and,
we will write.
Then,
we will write,
footer dot,
jsx.
Now,
header and footer are very small.
So,
you will get its code in,
code section.
So,
you copy paste it directly.
And,
here,
what we did is,
let's understand.
There is nothing in header and footer.
Basically,
we have captured the id here,
using use params.
And,
here,
we have used link.
What is link?
We understand this.
You remember,
we used routes in app dot jsx.
Okay.
Routes.
Now,
the routes,
we use these routes,
to decide the path.
And,
here,
we have used link in header.
This link,
takes you to the same path,
which is decided in our routes.
But,
without reloading the page.
Means,
here,
in link,
as we have put,
id slash,
forward slash.
This means,
we are talking about home page.
Id,
suppose,
someone from techy recon,
localhost slash techy recon slash.
Means,
as soon as you click in this,
it will go to home.
Then,
this id,
will go to techy recon slash contact.
techy recon slash about.
So,
here,
we have written id.
And,
here,
using use params,
we have taken the id.
And,
in link tag,
we use some steps.
We put 2.
And,
after that,
we write in it,
whatever the url is.
Basically.
And,
here,
we have put the profile picture.
Here it is.
We have put the image.
Basically,
its,
here it is.
So,
let me show you once,
how it is shown.
So,
we will come here.
And,
before that,
we have to import the header once.
So,
we will go to home.
We will go to home.
And,
here,
first,
we will import the header.
Header.
Ok.
So,
we have imported the header.
After that,
we will,
in return,
here,
first of all,
we will put,
a header.
So,
we will put,
header.
And,
after that,
this is basically,
a component.
So,
all this,
is fine.
Now,
we go to our page.
And,
now,
you will see,
you can see the header.
You can see the header.
So,
this header,
is of this type.
Now,
as you click on home,
where will you go?
You will use the link tag.
And,
where will you go?
In the tag icon,
in the forward slash.
So,
you will be on this page.
We used the tag icon,
that is why.
And,
if you click on contact,
you will go to the tag icon slash,
contact.
Okay?
And,
if you click on about,
you will go to
tag icon slash,
about.
Same thing,
if this id,
was something else,
for example,
was by hitting,
which doesn't exist,
then,
you will directly come to this page.
But,
if the id exists,
then,
you will see this page,
and you will also see the header footer.
Okay?
You must have understood,
what we have done here,
basically.
Now,
you can't go directly to
slash home.
If you had put it there,
directly slash home.
What is slash home?
It doesn't exist, right?
But,
if you had put id slash home,
sorry,
if you had put id slash about,
then,
it would have existed.
If you had put id and
directly slash about,
then,
it wouldn't have existed.
It doesn't exist.
So,
the header we have,
that is why,
we have shown it today.
Now,
after this,
our header is done.
Now,
we will go back.
And,
after this,
our other thing,
its code is also given to you.
So,
now,
if you put it directly here,
then,
there is nothing in it.
So,
our header and footer are made.
And,
after this,
we come back to our home.
After coming to home,
here,
our main logic,
we have made it.
After this,
the main thing that comes,
that is something,
whatever your style is,
whatever your elements are,
basically.
So,
its code is also given to you,
that,
whatever style it is,
and whatever our page looks like,
that,
those are only styles.
So,
styles,
basically,
if you understand,
I will explain it to you,
the work that is being done here.
And,
that is an easy thing,
making styles.
Just,
the main thing that was left,
that was,
how to get data from Sanity.
And,
how to compare the top URL ID,
and,
how to know,
that how the user exists.
And,
if the user exists,
then,
we have to show the data of that.
So,
we did it here.
What we did,
see this.
Whatever the design is,
Now we have created a header and we have started making styles under it.
First thing is image. So the image of the user will be visible in the first page.
How will the image be visible? It will be visible from here.
UserData.length 0. What is userData? It is our state.
If it exists, its length is greater than 0, it means there is some data in userData.
And if there is data, then the element with the 0th index in the array,
i.e. the first element that I showed you, bring the profile picture that exists in it.
And if there is no profile picture, then directly put this thing here.
What is it? tiniurl.com and instead of this, we put our source here.
Which source? The image we have put in assets.
And the initial image? profile.jpg. We put this.
If no profile picture exists, then it will show directly profile.jpg.
components slash assets slash profile dot jpg. So this is it.
So you know where we got this profile picture from?
This is the user data set we had set here.
And we got the profile picture from this user data.
If it exists, then we will show the profile data.
Otherwise, we will show the profile.jpg directly.
Apart from this, we will keep the first name and last name of the user here.
So what we will do here is, we used the h1 tag.
We used the h1 tag here.
And if the first name exists in the user data,
till the time the data is being loaded, for example, till the time there is no data,
it will write loading there.
Till the time there is no data, it will write loading there.
And as soon as the data is there, if it comes,
then we will write first name plus last name.
That is, its name will be shown.
Now we have to set the loading here too.
We have used loading here.
We have used the loading state, but where will we define it?
Let's define it here.
const loading and set loading.
By default, we set the true.
By default, the loading will remain true.
And when will we set it false?
That is, when the data comes to the user in the beginning,
then the page will be loading for it.
Because nothing has been fetched yet.
And as soon as it is fetched, we will set loading false.
Loading will be set false and the data will be shown to the user.
Loading is also done here.
Here we have shown the user's first name plus last name here.
After this, the user's role will come here.
The user will put his role here.
After this, we have made a card here.
We have shown you the card.
And after this, we have put a button below.
Sorry, inside the card.
Basically, the card is attached to the link tag.
There are two cards in it.
By doing contact me and about me.
As soon as you press the contact me card, you will go to contact.
ID slash contact.
We are redirecting the user in this way.
Because we need our ID.
To put the user in the contact or about page.
All its things are here.
And basically, everything else is normal.
Let's go to our web page.
And let's see if there is any error.
Ok.
So, link not defined.
Fine.
So, we basically have to import the link.
So, we will go back.
And here is our link.
We will select it.
Control space and hit enter.
The link has been imported.
In the header also, we have probably imported the link.
Ok.
Let's go back.
There is still some error.
And now the footer is not defined.
So, we have to import the footer also.
So, we basically import the footer.
So, where will we go?
Just below.
And the footer which we have kept here.
We will do this.
Control space and hit enter.
The footer has also been imported.
And finally, you must be able to see.
That we can see here.
We can see our entire web page here.
Right.
Here the name of the user has come.
Hello world.
Because in our form, we had put the name hello world.
We had put the role as web dev.
Ok.
If we press about me, contact me, then the link tag will be used.
In the link, it will go to slash id slash about.
It will go to slash id slash contact.
Ok.
Now, as soon as we click, see.
We have come to the contact page.
As soon as we click, we have come to the about page.
Now, see here.
Loading has come in the middle.
What does loading tell?
That the data is being loaded.
Fetch is not done yet.
Now, what do we do once?
Press in portfolio builder.
So, we will come to our form page.
Now, here we choose the file.
Now, we put our data here and see.
We went here in downloads.
And we chose some image from here.
For example, we chose this image.
We put the name.
Techie Recon.
I am a professional.
You are writing on your own.
Web developer.
Having.
Knowledge.
Or you can write deep knowledge kind of.
Knowledge of.
React.
And monstack.
And you directly write monstack.
Do something like this.
And blah blah.
You can write whatever else you want to write.
Here I was just doing testing.
Experience.
I have an experience.
Of.
10 years.
Working with.
Big MNCs.
Okay.
Now, you can write your role.
For example, web developer.
And you can write a pipe symbol.
Network engineer.
You can write a role like this.
Then you can put any other skill.
For example.
Whatever is written here.
I will replicate the same thing.
Team lead.
Okay.
And after this.
You can put anyone.
Project.
Management.
You have some things.
Fill out.
You will do like submit.
So, document is already created.
Okay.
I will show you.
Localhost.
333.
This is our entirety.
We have opened.
And the document.
It is already created in the profile.
In what name?
The document of hacky recon is already created.
And it has that old information.
Hello world.
All these things.
123.
Web dev.
But as soon as I will save it here.
Then it will change.
This information.
Because which method we used.
Create and replace.
If it already exists.
Then replace it.
If it doesn't.
Then create it.
As soon as you submit it.
It is loading.
As soon as it is loaded.
Here you are submitted.
And this visit your portfolio.
Has come here.
Here is the URL.
Here is the link.
As soon as you click.
Then you will come to your portfolio.
Understood.
What was this?
How easy was it?
What did we do?
Visit your portfolio.
So we know.
How did we put it?
Slash.
Whatever is the ID of the user.
Basically.
Gmail ID.
Its first part was picked up.
From local storage.
And in that only.
The user will be redirected.
So.
The first part of Gmail ID.
Is Techie Recon.
And the user is redirected here.
We have checked on the home page.
That Techie Recon.
Like Email ID.
Exists.
If it exists.
Then show its data.
And the data is shown.
Techie Recon.
Web Developer.
Network Engineer.
And the photo is also shown.
You must be able to understand now.
So this is our home page.
Which is.
Completed.